Please enhance the “TRUSTED BY” client logo carousel.

Current status:
The client logos are now in a carousel and displayed in color, which is good. However, we want the centered/active logo to be visually highlighted.

Goal:
When a logo/card is in the center of the carousel, it should look bigger and highlighted compared to the other logos, similar to a “center active slide” carousel effect.

IMPORTANT:
- Keep the current “TRUSTED BY” heading and headline.
- Keep the logos in color.
- Keep autoplay and manual previous/next controls.
- Do not copy the exact reference design.
- Only enhance the carousel behavior and styling.

Requirements:

1. Highlight the center/active logo
The logo/card currently in the center should:
- Scale up slightly
- Look more prominent than the others
- Have a smoother zoom transition
- Have stronger opacity and shadow
- Stay fully readable

Suggested active card style:
className="
  scale-110
  opacity-100
  shadow-xl
  border-purple-300/60
  bg-white
  z-10
"

Suggested inactive card style:
className="
  scale-90
  opacity-60
  shadow-sm
  bg-white/60
"

Use smooth transitions:
className="
  transition-all
  duration-500
  ease-out
"

2. Center active item logic
The active slide should be the one visually centered in the carousel viewport.

Please update the carousel logic so the active/highlighted index matches the centered logo, not just the first visible logo.

Example:
If 5 logos are visible on desktop, the center active item should be the 3rd visible card.

If using currentIndex:
const centerOffset = Math.floor(visibleCount / 2);
const activeIndex = (currentIndex + centerOffset) % logos.length;

Then apply active styling when:
index === activeIndex

3. Make the active logo itself slightly larger
Inside the active card, the logo image should also become larger.

Suggested logo image styles:

Active:
className="
  max-h-20
  max-w-[190px]
  transition-all duration-500
"

Inactive:
className="
  max-h-14
  max-w-[150px]
  transition-all duration-500
"

4. Keep card heights consistent
The active card can scale visually, but the carousel row should not jump or change height.

Use a taller carousel area to allow zooming without clipping:

Carousel viewport:
className="
  relative mx-auto mt-14 w-full max-w-7xl overflow-hidden px-8 py-8
"

Card wrapper:
className="
  flex items-center justify-center
"

Make sure overflow does not cut off the zoomed card. If needed, use:
overflow-visible
on the inner track but keep the outer section from causing page overflow.

5. Use a “coverflow-like” feel, but subtle
Do not make the zoom extreme.

Suggested scale values:
- Active center card: scale-110 or scale-[1.12]
- Cards beside active: scale-95 opacity-80
- Farther cards: scale-90 opacity-60

If the current carousel only supports active/inactive states, use:
- Active: scale-110 opacity-100
- Inactive: scale-90 opacity-60

6. Manual controls should update the active center
When clicking previous or next:
- The carousel should move smoothly.
- The newly centered logo should become active/highlighted.
- The active highlight should not lag behind the carousel.

7. Autoplay should update active center
During autoplay:
- The carousel should move to the next item.
- The centered item should scale up/highlight.
- The previous active item should smoothly scale back down.

8. Responsive behavior
Desktop:
- Show 5 logos if possible.
- Center logo is highlighted.

Laptop:
- Show 3 or 5 logos depending on available width.
- Center logo is highlighted.

Tablet:
- Show 3 logos.
- Center logo is highlighted.

Mobile:
- Show 1 logo or 1 main logo with partial side logos if possible.
- The visible logo should be highlighted.
- No horizontal page scrolling.

9. Controls placement
The previous and next arrows should be positioned vertically centered beside the carousel row, not awkwardly floating too high or too low.

Suggested:
Previous button:
className="
  absolute left-2 top-1/2 -translate-y-1/2
"

Next button:
className="
  absolute right-2 top-1/2 -translate-y-1/2
"

10. Accessibility
- Keep aria-labels for previous and next buttons.
- Logo images should keep descriptive alt text.
- Respect prefers-reduced-motion if possible:
  - Reduce/disable autoplay animation
  - Keep manual navigation working

Expected result:
The logo carousel should now feel more dynamic and premium. The center logo/card should expand or zoom slightly and look highlighted, while the surrounding logos remain smaller and softer. Autoplay and manual controls should continue working smoothly.